Set up CTest (#5068)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Examples/CMakeLists.txt

    warpx_set_suffix_dims(SD ${dims})

    # make a unique run directory
    file(MAKE_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}/${name})
    set(THIS_WORKING_DIR ${CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}/${name})

    get_filename_component(INPUTS_ALL ${WarpX_SOURCE_DIR}/${inputs} REALPATH)

    # separate input file (full path) and optional command-line arguments
    separate_arguments(INPUTS_FILE_ARGS UNIX_COMMAND PROGRAM "${INPUTS_ALL}")

    # get input file (full path)
    list(GET INPUTS_FILE_ARGS 0 INPUTS_FILE)

    # get optional command-line arguments
    list(SUBLIST INPUTS_FILE_ARGS 1 -1 INPUTS_ARGS)
    list(JOIN INPUTS_FILE_ARGS " " INPUTS_FILE_ARGS)

    # get input file's directory
    get_filename_component(INPUTS_DIR ${INPUTS_FILE} DIRECTORY)

    # copy base input files to run directory
    file(GLOB INPUTS_BASE "${INPUTS_DIR}/inputs_base_${SD}*")
    file(COPY ${INPUTS_BASE} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

    # copy test input file to run directory
    file(COPY ${INPUTS_FILE} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

    # for restart tests, copy input file of original test (without "_restart" suffix)
    string(REPLACE "_restart" "" INPUTS_FILE_NORESTART ${INPUTS_FILE})

>     file(COPY ${INPUTS_FILE_NORESTART} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

Reviewer: Discussed today: eventually, we want to remove this convention and just depend on `base` inputs and dependent tests (`dependency`).

Likely a follow-up PR to avoid changing too many tests with this one.

Author: Just a note to keep the conversation going. 

We can discuss this, but I do think that enforcing the convention (currently already implemented in the new automated style checks - which, by the way, I rewrote as a single Python script `check_inputs.py` in this PR) has advantages.

Right now one can type
```
ctest --test-dir build/ --output-on-failure -R test_3d_acceleration_psatd
```
and get this output, which I think is pretty easy to parse:
```
Internal ctest changing into directory: /home/edoardo/src/warpx/build
Test project /home/edoardo/src/warpx/build
      Start 506: test_3d_acceleration_psatd.run
 1/12 Test #506: test_3d_acceleration_psatd.run .........................   Passed    3.69 sec
      Start 507: test_3d_acceleration_psatd.analysis
 2/12 Test #507: test_3d_acceleration_psatd.analysis ....................   Passed    2.27 sec
      Start 509: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart.run
 3/12 Test #509: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart.run .................   Passed    2.39 sec
      Start 510: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart.analysis
 4/12 Test #510: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart.analysis ............   Passed    2.32 sec
      Start 511: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart.cleanup
 5/12 Test #511: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart.cleanup .............   Passed    0.06 sec
      Start 508: test_3d_acceleration_psatd.cleanup
 6/12 Test #508: test_3d_acceleration_psatd.cleanup .....................   Passed    0.07 sec
      Start 512: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg.run
 7/12 Test #512: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg.run ................   Passed    4.88 sec
      Start 513: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg.analysis
 8/12 Test #513: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg.analysis ...........   Passed    2.25 sec
      Start 515: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg_restart.run
 9/12 Test #515: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg_restart.run ........   Passed    2.94 sec
      Start 516: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg_restart.analysis
10/12 Test #516: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg_restart.analysis ...   Passed    2.24 sec
      Start 517: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg_restart.cleanup
11/12 Test #517: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg_restart.cleanup ....   Passed    0.06 sec
      Start 514: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg.cleanup
12/12 Test #514: test_3d_acceleration_psatd_time_avg.cleanup ............   Passed    0.11 sec

100% tests passed, 0 tests failed out of 12
```

If we allow arbitrary names for the restart test based on a given test (e.g., with a "restart" keyword anywhere in the test name - `test_3d_restart_acceleration_psatd` instead of `test_3d_acceleration_psatd_restart`), I think this output will be less easy to parse and/or work with (when it comes to parsing visually, parsing through code, sorting alphabetically, filtering tests in CTest via `-R`, etc.).

The convention does not seem like a big burden to me, the automated style checks can catch instances where it is not followed and reviewers/maintainers can make sure that such instances are fixed - it doesn't have to be an extra task on the developer's end.

    file(COPY ${INPUTS_FILE_NORESTART} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

    # Python test?
    set(python OFF)
    if(${INPUTS_FILE} MATCHES ".*\.py$")
        set(python ON)
    endif()

    # cannot run Python tests w/o Python support
    if(python AND NOT WarpX_PYTHON)
        return()
    endif()

    # set MPI executable
    set(THIS_MPI_TEST_EXE
        ${MPIEXEC_EXECUTABLE}
        ${MPI_ALLOW_ROOT}
        ${MPIEXEC_NUMPROC_FLAG} ${nprocs}
        ${MPIEXEC_POSTFLAGS}
        ${MPIEXEC_PREFLAGS}
    )

    # set Python executable
    if(python)
        set(THIS_Python_EXE ${Python_EXECUTABLE})
    else()
        set(THIS_Python_EXE "")
    endif()

    # test run
    if(python)
        # for argparse, do not pass command-line arguments as one quoted string
        separate_arguments(INPUTS_ARGS UNIX_COMMAND "${INPUTS_ARGS}")
        add_test(
            NAME ${name}.run
            COMMAND
                ${THIS_MPI_TEST_EXE}
                ${THIS_Python_EXE}
                ${INPUTS_FILE}
                ${INPUTS_ARGS}
            WORKING_DIRECTORY ${THIS_WORKING_DIR}
        )
        # FIXME Use helper function to handle Windows exceptions

>         set_property(TEST ${name}.run APPEND PROPERTY ENVIRONMENT "PYTHONPATH=${PYTHONPATH}:${CMAKE_PYTHON_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}")

Reviewer: The first `${PYTHONPATH}` will be undefined unless we read it first. Do you mean
```suggestion
        set_property(TEST ${name}.run APPEND PROPERTY ENVIRONMENT "PYTHONPATH=$ENV{PYTHONPATH}:${CMAKE_PYTHON_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY}")
```

Author: Thanks, corrected in [ffd4d03](https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/pull/5068/commits/ffd4d031c42002c30008115d96921116ae3b3da7).

    else()
        # TODO Use these for Python tests too
        set(runtime_params
            "amrex.abort_on_unused_inputs = 1"
            "amrex.throw_exception = 1"
            "warpx.always_warn_immediately = 1"
            "warpx.do_dynamic_scheduling = 0"
            "warpx.serialize_initial_conditions = 1"
            # FIXME should go before input file

>             #"warpx.abort_on_warning_threshold = low"

Reviewer: I currently have no great idea how to implement this without major hackery.

Author: Maybe I can open another follow-up issue and we can think about how to put this back in after the first merge.

Reviewer: Since we only need this for CI:
An idea could be to add default-value control via an env variable for this option. Then overwrite it with inputs.

Author: New issue: #5218

    list(SUBLIST INPUTS_FILE_ARGS 1 -1 INPUTS_ARGS)
    list(JOIN INPUTS_FILE_ARGS " " INPUTS_FILE_ARGS)

    # get input file's directory
    get_filename_component(INPUTS_DIR ${INPUTS_FILE} DIRECTORY)

    # copy base input files to run directory
    file(GLOB INPUTS_BASE "${INPUTS_DIR}/inputs_base_${SD}*")
    file(COPY ${INPUTS_BASE} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

    # copy test input file to run directory
    file(COPY ${INPUTS_FILE} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

    # for restart tests, copy input file of original test (without "_restart" suffix)
    string(REPLACE "_restart" "" INPUTS_FILE_NORESTART ${INPUTS_FILE})
    file(COPY ${INPUTS_FILE_NORESTART} DESTINATION ${THIS_WORKING_DIR})

    # Python test?
    set(python OFF)
    if(${INPUTS_FILE} MATCHES ".*\.py$")
        set(python ON)
    endif()

    # cannot run Python tests w/o Python support
    if(python AND NOT WarpX_PYTHON)
        return()
    endif()

    # set MPI executable
    set(THIS_MPI_TEST_EXE
        ${MPIEXEC_EXECUTABLE}
        ${MPI_ALLOW_ROOT}
        ${MPIEXEC_NUMPROC_FLAG} ${nprocs}
        ${MPIEXEC_POSTFLAGS}
        ${MPIEXEC_PREFLAGS}
    )

    # set Python executable

>     set(THIS_Python_EXE) # FIXME unsetting a variable can expose a cache variable that was previously hidden
>     if(python)
>         set(THIS_Python_EXE ${Python_EXECUTABLE})
>     endif()

Reviewer: Does that help? (Also: this is a very low risk here.)
```suggestion
    if(python)
        set(THIS_Python_EXE ${Python_EXECUTABLE})
    else()
        set(THIS_Python_EXE "")
    endif()
```

            "warpx.do_dynamic_scheduling = 0"
            "warpx.serialize_initial_conditions = 1"
            # FIXME should go before input file
            #"warpx.abort_on_warning_threshold = low"
        )
        set(runtime_params_fpetrap "")
        if(WarpX_TEST_FPETRAP)
            set(runtime_params_fpetrap
                # TODO: Comment in once HDF5 1.14.4 is available
                #       https://github.com/HDFGroup/hdf5/issues/4801
                #       https://github.com/conda-forge/hdf5-feedstock/pull/229
                # "amrex.fpe_trap_invalid = 1"
                "amrex.fpe_trap_overflow = 1"
                "amrex.fpe_trap_zero = 1"
            )
        endif()
        add_test(
            NAME ${name}.run
            COMMAND
                ${THIS_MPI_TEST_EXE}
                $<TARGET_FILE:app_${SD}>
                ${INPUTS_FILE}
                ${runtime_params}
                ${runtime_params_fpetrap}
                ${INPUTS_ARGS}
            WORKING_DIRECTORY ${THIS_WORKING_DIR}
        )
    endif()

    # run all tests with 1 OpenMP thread by default
    set_property(TEST ${name}.run APPEND PROPERTY ENVIRONMENT "OMP_NUM_THREADS=1")

>     set(THIS_Python_SCRIPT_EXE) # FIXME unsetting a variable can expose a cache variable that was previously hidden
>     if(python OR WIN32)
>         set(THIS_Python_SCRIPT_EXE ${Python_EXECUTABLE})
>     endif()

Reviewer: As above?
```suggestion
    if(python OR WIN32)
        set(THIS_Python_SCRIPT_EXE ${Python_EXECUTABLE})
    else()
        set(THIS_Python_SCRIPT_EXE "")
    endif()
```

            amrex.fpe_trap_invalid = 1
            amrex.fpe_trap_overflow = 1
            amrex.fpe_trap_zero = 1
            amrex.throw_exception = 1
            warpx.always_warn_immediately = 1
            warpx.abort_on_warning_threshold = low
            warpx.do_dynamic_scheduling = 0
            warpx.serialize_initial_conditions = 1
            # FILE parameter must be at the end,
            # to possibly overwrite previous inputs
            FILE = ${WarpX_SOURCE_DIR}/${inputs_test}
        WORKING_DIRECTORY ${THIS_WORKING_DIR}
    )

    if(mpi)
        set_property(TEST ${name}.run APPEND PROPERTY ENVIRONMENT "OMP_NUM_THREADS=1")
    endif()

    # test analysis
    if(analysis)
        add_test(
            NAME ${name}.analysis
            COMMAND
                ${WarpX_SOURCE_DIR}/${analysis}
                ${output}
            WORKING_DIRECTORY ${THIS_WORKING_DIR}
        )
        set_property(TEST ${name}.analysis APPEND PROPERTY DEPENDS "${name}.run")
    endif()

endfunction()

# Add tests (alphabetical order) ##############################################
#

# Langmuir_multi_2d_MR ########################################################
#

> if(2 IN_LIST WarpX_DIMS)

Reviewer: I would add this if inside the function that is called. The user passed the dim, if it does not match the list of compiled dims return (see: MPI).

    set(name Langmuir_multi_2d_MR)
    set(dims 2)
    set(mpi ON)
    set(mpi_np 2)
    set(inputs_base Examples/Tests/langmuir/inputs_2d_base)
    set(inputs_test Examples/Tests/langmuir/inputs_2d_test_Langmuir_multi_2d_MR)
    set(analysis Examples/Tests/langmuir/analysis_2d.py)
    set(output diags/diag1000080)

>     add_warpx_test(

Reviewer: As in ImpactX, I would not add separate variables before the function call to keep these entries per test compact. Add inline / end of line comments where needed.
